Stepper: describe API (#7166)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxStepper/1 Configuration/items.md

id: dxStepper.Options.items
firedEvents: optionChanged
type: Array<dxStepperItem>
inheritsType: dxStepperItem
---
---
##### shortDescription

> An array of items (steps) displayed by Splitter.

Reviewer: I wanted to address the article here. This section discusses the case when a type name is used by itself. 

https://tw.devexpress.devx/documentation/guidelines/language-guidelines/articles/#type-name-as-a-standalone-noun

```suggestion
An array of items (steps) displayed by the Stepper component.
```
